O = orchestra: group of quirks initiated by a single trigger
               each quirk then runs by its own timer
               are collision and input the sole, actual initiators then?
               no
               (S)o then do we need a level above Quirks?
               S:
                 Personality was a Trigger -> Quirk mapping.
                 Or do Quirks simply need a new field: a shared pointer or index?
                 Index might be easier to maintain.
                 Like a group ID.
                 Example of a group would be something like
                   pick a random direction
                   move
                   animate
                 So the thing that gives them a group ID needs a way to associate them with each other.
                 Does Activity need a new function then to handle this?
                 It would need to pick the 
               (W)hat good are groups as an index if I can't stop them all at once?
                 Well, the next timeout should check the group ID's index to see if it's still active. Perhaps
                 group is an array of ActionStates then. It checks it to see if it's still IN_PROGRESS.
                 Even if a sub-timer expires then, it isn't necessarily in charge of stopping the group.
                 (BTW, I need to add a paused ActionState. Done.)
                 But then how does Pausing work if I need to immediately stop a whole group and not just
                   wait for its next timeout to check the ActionState?
                 That and stopping/unpausing are what necessitates two-way communication.
                 I could give it a vector of pointers to the Activity.
                 Problem is, I've given all entities room for only one activity.
                 Instead, they should have room for only one group.
                 The group's data structure-- figuring out how to know where the activities are without creating/
                 destroying vectors over and over again-- is the key. If I had a bump allocator, with my own home-
                 grown arrays/vectors, that wouldn't be a problem. I can always replace std::<array|vector|map> with
                 bic-namespaced counterparts later. But regardless, it has to make an array on the spot of how-
                 ever many things it needs to talk to. That means the group initializer needs to be in control of
                 creating the Activities so it find the index and feed it into the group's array. 

                 struct Group {
                   ActionState state{};
                   std::array<unsigned, N> activityIds;
                 };

               (H)ow do I initiate a group so that it can be either YAML'able or code-able?
               (R)andom frequencies per iteration would be nice. How would I make that universal?
                  R: 
                    Dice rolls make that easier. 
                    Perhaps a new variant.
                    Or a new field: min freq, max freq.


                     
